well
house and
he's the father was everywhere we go in
tango but this is downtown
on phone calls and downs out of that as
seen from up at victoria peak that was
false record speaks with an observation
deck and there is a harbor but beyond
these buildings but unfortunately you
can't see them right now probably
aircraft flying over our heads we can't
see them either but this is hong kong
special problem specialist whoever the
caller from china call a special
district or something that's the NASA
Administrator even nigga see the fog is
really moving in heavily now just a few
minutes ago picking me up the top of
this
being shrouded my chair guy said it may
burn off later may not but this was
their season where they get a lot he's
got type of days here in Hong k well
listen to our guys this is the father
78 stories and then this round universe
would be the tallest tell us in a tease
but no longer any work and they so
famous because they have a real king
restaurant on the top floor that they
are under validation for half a year and
to june and then the harbor mp3 yoshida
harbor and then cross best italian
peninsula
so
view from
kala kala I
it gets back at the dance world at the
side of the harbor
Hong Kong is made up of three physical
areas to highland glen island with
Lebanon we've got the new airport 1998
that would get back into the main part
of the city are the car filled in all
the fog of trouble
may we go through at night and like this
about these were voted to do but this
metropolis the blog is trying to look a
little bit me they are able to see more
individual building I've got no PR to
traffic through here we just climbed up
the road coming up this is the best
location to look over them with such a
part of honk
and yeah it was dressing fries and a
little nature not much that broke up
this way y'all let's go up the hill with
the president's team down half of that
there is some greenery but not a whole
lot and pointed one poison to be able to
say yes it's not completely building
mostly
you see the ship's out in the harbor
right there
so of the floor
it's the ninth day of april two thousand
niggas mantilla 934 2011
conquer this is the largest floating
restaurant in the world
so much further beyond the crap no the
water these prices went up there
okay we are going to waffle okay
everybody's you had fun we wanted kind
of both here hang a little water taxi of
mini tour not just big box here these
are for Cypriots Christian rather
anyway just a little bit of downtown
area for below we're everyone try to see
them over when it's cloudy
I'm your pawpaw
oh it's each other to us you got the
house was it go oh aberdeen these people
live on their phone
they don't pay rent the painful a little
boat will be staying here all the time
door throwing and eat dude
live there home
right here the harp I think it's a star
as you see is that foggy down here so
you can see a lot to build a lot but I
mostly Department some irregular
building
a lot of all at the level but they were
with a hong kong airport with downtown
living through the side some a little
bit taller now that they're for google
night
Oh to go to shorter dollar bills like
that
different records